a German tradition for hundreds of years
bratwurst is now common at American
restaurants and barbecues but before you
add it to your next barbecue menu make
sure you know how to grill it perfectly
in just 2 simple steps the key to great
bratwurst is low slow cooking don't cook
the brats too quickly or they'll split
open and dry out instead cook them
slowly so they caramelize on all sides
first heat up your grill step 1 grill
your brats place the brats on the grate
over the outer ring of charcoal or on
the second tier of a gas grill this
keeps them away from the most intense
flames step 2 turn your brats turn the
bratwurst occasionally so they cook on
all sides equally don't let them burn
Grill for 20 to 30 minutes
fly them into a soft roll top them with
your favorite condiments such as ketchup
mustard sauerkraut and relish then kick
back with a cold brew and enjoy